Tonight, Genting Restaurant Lu Qi will ask me to sign a contract
Then you can ask the person you arranged to come over.
Just swap the contract
Miss
Almost
I'm back at the company and I don't know what's going on
This vice president has been treating me hot and cold lately
I can see that he's playing with me here
But what about you as his little assistant
It's okay to be ordered by me
After all
We already have that relationship between the two of us
Miss, shall we not talk about this?
Don't say this
Then it depends on your performance
Look, I bought so many things today.
I'm so happy.
We'll buy whatever we like.
Don't worry, I'll pay today.
I'm a little embarrassed, oops.
Aren't we sisters?
Isn't it right to spend some money on sisters?
Go, keep buying.
nanny
What a coincidence
Why are you two shopping together?
Young master is broken
Miss Shi hit
I saw my wife and Miss Shu's mother shopping together
Will it affect our plan?
Of course it does
So you're following him until morning?